but you are explaining it in a way that you are a bit disappointed.
I think that's part of your imposter syndrome because you keep talking about it.
Remember if I told you directly, but I don't believe in imposter syndrome because it is stuff inflicted.
It is a result of measuring against others.
When you are in a negative way competing with other people.
Because you just said to me that if you would go on top of each other, you are becoming people in your age, your peers.
I mean, fuck that. You have something that is very unique and that is this passion and want to start something and build something.
So the only thing now is timing.
And meanwhile, when you are finding timing, that's when you should continue.
And it's okay to work for a certain period of time because you will gain knowledge, experience and network.
And even if it's something that you don't want to do in the future, it's not a bad thing.
And I think that's one of the biggest concerns with younger people is this need for speed.
And I think for you, the only advice I want to give you is that trust your gut feeling and don't be so hard on yourselves.
You are doing a lot of stuff that no one, quite very few people in your age actually do.
I think the problem is when you surround yourself with, you know, starbucks and elevators, you are hanging with a lot of people.
You are hanging with a lot of people.
But if you take the big picture of people, 2% of the people.
So I think you have to trust yourself.
Well, I agree with you.
I mean, I know I see myself a lot.
I see the way I speak with myself and I think that sometimes I'm a bit hard on myself.
Indeed.
But I also think it's easier for me to be hard with myself.
It's hard to not be hard with myself, considering especially the environment that I'm surrounded by.
You know, like everyone in Portugal tends to be more risk averse.
So people with a mindset similar to mine tend to be more.
I'm not victimizing myself, of course, but I'm just saying what is real.
You know, like everyone in my family, friends, colleagues, mentors, everyone that is Portuguese has this mindset that is very corporate driven, you know.
And so everything that goes a little bit out of the regular path, it's like a red flag in the eyes of everyone else, you know.
And so it's hard for me to I'm constantly fighting with the quote unquote my peers, et cetera, when they argue against starting our own things at such an early age.
But then, of course, I still there's the remains of those conversations that enter my brain, my subconscious.
And I doubt and it's hard not to doubt yourself.
Like you need to have a very strong mindset in order not to doubt yourself.
And honestly, I also think you should doubt yourself to a certain extent.
Where, you know.
In.
And it takes time to be.
It's it's something.
It's.
You are.
Our.
I.
I.
My my my initial idea was to start my own startup while working in a tech company.
But then I thought, isn't this kind of like a cowardly thing to do?
Like, shouldn't I?
You.
You shouldn't.
Yeah.
You.
To what?
I need to have during the day that we could conscience because I knew I delivered.
And then, of course, we can.
I.
Ran.
In the way.
Well.
To what?
I.
To.
Start.
To.
You.
OK.
That's that's a lot of that's a lot of years.
But aren't you afraid that aren't you afraid if you go slow, especially since I feel like the market is speeding up the time from idea to come to.
To market has been shortening in terms of the panorama for successful startups, which makes me feel like if I'm in a company and starting my own startup, I will never be able to be fast enough in order to actually raise a successful product in a field that I'm interested in.
That's like, of course, I don't have enough data to support this.
But.
If I afford.
Well, yeah, that's it. That's my question, too.
I don't think right now I don't I I'm able to afford not working for someone.
I mean, I need I need financial stability, but I.
Yeah.
You get you get.
To move.
To.
To.
To.
To.
To.
To.
To.
Mm hmm.
Yes.
I get.
That's a good.
That's a good mindset.
But I'm trying to think like, what if I do this?
And that's that's that's my plan.
A right now, what you just described.
If I do this, what type like I have, I'm I'm being quite aggressive in the job that I'm allowing myself to work at, because if I'm working at a job, make it at least something that is interesting, that has a prestige where I can meet interesting people.
So I'm not selling.
I'm not allowing myself to apply to anything lower than a certain threshold.
And but but it gets me thinking that I'm still quite open to to other possibilities.
I'm not I'm I'm not sure, for example, if I I don't know if I should be more open minded or see this job as if I if I see this job as a purely as just an instrument, a financial instrument for stability.
Before I I start my own gig.
Should I be less demanding?
The job that I'm looking for, because, for example, if I if I work at BCG, I won't be able to do it legally.
I won't I'm not able to start legally.
And also in terms of realistic, realistic amount of time that I'll have for free.
And I'm not going to be able to start my own thing.
And the mindset of people in those companies, and I have many friends working at BCG and other MVVs, is that it's these companies make it harder, not easier for you to start your own thing in terms of time and in terms of mindset.
And also legally, because legally, the only thing I could start would be an NGO, which is what I would do if I was if I were to work at one of these companies, because at least I can create something.
You know, but but but yeah, but but even but I don't know.
I'm thinking these are the parallels.
These are the paths that I'm exploring, as I said.
So I'm really passionate about health, both mental and physical.
And I have a couple ideas within this space, especially the mental health space.
And I guess that I wanted to brought up and to and to develop.
It's something that I'm passionate about many things, but I have a very complex long term vision.
But since this is one specific area that I know I'm passionate about and that I know would be connected to my long term vision, I know that if I develop a service connected to mental health, for example, I would already be aligned with what I want to do in the future.
So and there's a there's this there's a service that I've that I've been idealizing that I never made a prototype for it.
It's just something I made a lot of prototypes for random things like the most random you can imagine.
And they worked amazingly well.
But for this specific one, because I see it as a step as a choice, I haven't.
And because I'm still choosing, I'm definitely doing what you said before.
I'm definitely a bit paralyzed by my possibilities.
But because I kind of see it as a choice to start this specific idea, I didn't start it yet because I want to make sure first I know exactly where I want to go.
And only then I'd start after knowing that I'm making a responsible call.
But this would be this would be an app that would win by network effect.
And that would be based on matching patients with it already exists in different ways.
But using artificial intelligence to make the best matching choices possible between patients and psychologists and to help patients have a sense of control of their own psychological situation.
Because I myself experienced I tested these apps that exist like BetterHelp, etc.
Those are famous and had a terrible experience.
And there's so many pain points that are easily solvable with current technological tools.
And that would be I could vibe code these solutions in like a matter of hours to days and start selling in Portugal and creating a local market for it.
And which I know would not be hard.
Like I know it would. I'm really convictive.
The question is more should you
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I didn't want to interrupt you.
Yeah, that's that's that's a good way to think of it.
I have one specific issue that I know about myself is that I'm highly influenceable by the people that surround me.
And it's a subconscious thing.
And so if I surround myself by people in big force, which has happened before I started at a big four before going into Amazon.
And I was instantaneously feeling like drowned in that mindset of promotions and stability mindset, whatever.
And it's even if it even if I tell my friend, even if I force myself not to indulge in that mindset, it ends up slightly crippling through me, you know.
And so if I could choose a place where I know people would be like minded, maybe like a venture capital, it's something that I that crossed my mind.
But that's also something that I was curious to ask you, like, maybe you had someone in your network that you think would be interesting to connect with in that regard.
Or.
Yeah.
What?
I think I heard about it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's that's something that's like great feedback.
If there is any company that comes to your mind or.
I don't want to give you any words.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot of things.
Thank you so much for even having this conversation with me.
And I mean, there's there will be there's so many places where I know I'll be happy right now.
Places, I mean, or positions in specific places like any anything related to startups in any way, even in a tech company would be something that I'd be happy with.
But it's really hard.
What would you do?
Like, what is it that you're saying?
Like, if you would be in a company like.
So for the rules that I like the most or that that I could make that I could find more transferable skills for the type of that I'm looking for any type of roles related to brand positioning.
So some more strategic roles in this regard or for or go to markets.
So roles that are involved with with building systems such as any type of system, because I'm I'm I'm a builder at heart.
So either for commercial product or whatever needs doing.
So, for example, in the other startup, I was the one that built the whole sales engine that now they're using.
I'm not there.
And and also I when I was at Google, for example, I was a business analyst and I had to build like my job was literally building tools for the team, for the sales team.
So that the sales team had problems.
And yes.
And so, yes, they had a problem.
I would basically analyze the impact of each problem.
So in terms of dollar value.
So how big is this problem?
How big is this issue?
And I would prioritize the issues of the teams based on how impactful they were.
And then I would build tools to help them cope with those problems by basically consulting with them and understanding, OK, how like, please, like, guide me through your issue.
Let me really put myself in your body.
So I was kind of an entrepreneur with a lot of quotes in-house in that position and something that I love doing.
And also, I mean, I kind of worked as a freelancer also while on this startup.
I mean, I it's something that I'm also really good at.
For example, I did this app for one of the biggest retailers in Portugal for luxury clothing.
It's also in Spain now.
So they're quite known.
I could tell you the name if you're curious.
And also just random products that I need to use.
And then I just instead of looking for them and buy them, I just build them myself like that are available on the Internet.
Anyone can use them and sign up normally with Google.
I mean, I learned to code and to vibe code.
And then I just pulled that into an extreme.
And I really trust my building skills a lot.
Like, I feel like I'm an amazing builder.
I mean, of course, modesty apart.
But I do feel that what I build in the same time frame that I see other people building things has a quality threshold that I don't see around me.
Especially with the low amount of coding skills that I have.
Because now you can build anything with the tools that you have available for free.
With specific open source tools, you can literally build anything.
So for me, everything that's connected to answering your earlier question to strategy, they're connected to brand or positioning.
Because I already worked in this area and it's something I have fun.
And it's connected to leadership and to understanding how to further develop something or to building of systems, go to market systems or prototyping tools to help cope with issues.
For example, in sales teams or other teams, but especially sales, because it's the area that I understand the most.
That's where I can easily add a lot of value very quickly.
I'm already trained to add value in this front.
Yeah, cool. I think Ramon could say something.
I'm going to check in a little bit into it.
Yeah, I'm not tied to Portugal, honestly.
I'm down to work anywhere.
I'm in a brainstorming mode.
I'm meeting with a lot of people, trying to connect with as many opportunities as possible.
I'm just trying to kind of understand which offers appear and which ones would help me better complement this vision.
I did feel like you had such a bargain, not a bargain, that's not the word, direct translation from Portuguese.
You had such a baggage, sorry, from your early professional career.
That you'd probably be someone with a lot of wisdom to share in this regard.
And so I'm super happy to have this discussion with you.
And I even know since you've been in the market also for so long and you worked in big corporations, big banks,
and now you started your own thing, your perspective and your knowledge of the market is super valuable
comparing with people that are recent in the market.
So I think, I mean, I really trust your instincts and I'm taking note of everything that you've been sharing.
Thank you.
Continue.
Me too.
Me too.
And it was a great decision.
And yeah, I mean, I hope they succeed and everything goes well.
I think I should have decided this even earlier, to be honest.
But...
That's so true.
I think I have a bias.
Maybe you also had it before, but I think it might be something that is quite normal.
But I have a big bias into not changing, you know, it's a subconscious bias into staying where I am.
So, and even if it's almost obvious that I'll be better off doing like many other things,
my opportunity cost, my perspective of opportunity cost shrinks in favor of not moving or of not changing.
And that's something that I learned with this experience and that I'm going to be much more aware of in the future
to make sure that I don't repeat, I don't ever stay longer than I should in any place.
And yeah, I think everyone has their own extent of it.
But I do realize, I didn't realize I think I have a lot more than at least I wanted to have.
So comparing with myself.
Oh, yeah.
I think what you shared with me on Web Summit, it's probably an amazing learning.
I had exactly the same issue.
Like the guy was my friend and now he doesn't want to pay me anything.
I mean, he was like, I don't know, he's like, I don't know, I don't know.
The guy was my friend and now he doesn't want to pay me anything.
I mean, he wanted to pay me a goodwill, he called it goodwill payment.
Yeah, I'm not like, what the hell?
It's not goodwill.
I mean, I have a none that's a lawyer and I asked her and she's like, no, he actually, if you go to court,
you could make him pay you at least like 10,000, at the very least 10,000 euros for your time there.
If you left without equity and he had those expectations for you.
Yeah, I muted myself by mistake.
And if you had, if they gave you those expectations, those equity expectations,
and it's very easy to prove that in court because I have all of my messages.
And then you didn't leave with any equity and you were not a seller, basically.
You could definitely and legally have them pay you since, since, yes, I'm not working as a,
I didn't sign up to work as a slave at that company.
But of course, due to ethical dilemmas and the fact that I also don't want to have, leave them with,
I don't want to have a bad relationship with them and I don't want to.
That's true.
But I really think, I really trust in the good in people, a lot of times against my own favor.
And I feel like if they, they don't, they're not doing this because they're evil.
They just have this way of seeing things that makes them think that what they're doing is right.
And they are too narcissistic to understand that they're wrong.
And I cannot, like, I don't want to waste my time.
You know, like I don't want to waste my time.
Exactly. I understand. I understand.
You told me this situation in my climate app.
I was shocked. I was like, oh my God, that's crazy.
How can you even live with that? Right? How can you?
Yeah, that's a weird trait.
But the weird thing about narcissism is that it don't understand how, it's not easy to detect.
It takes a long time working with someone until you understand.
Yeah.
Draining.
Definitely. Like something you said made me total sense.
And I started applying that to all, any discussion I had company wise is I'm not, I won't start working for anyone or with anyone without having a contract that defends exactly what I want.
And that has, and I, like, for example, with this French guy, like he's the guy that I met at Google.
He, I like, he's, he's, he seems like the best person in the world.
And I still told him like, yeah, if we, whatever we do, whatever involvement we have together, we're going to, we're going to think of how a contract can protect us.
I even used the sentence you told me, the expression you told me of, this is not, it's not to protect me.
It's to protect the company. So.
Oh, of course.
Thank you so much, Monica. Really. I couldn't be more, more appreciative of your help.
Thank you so much. I'll send you an email then.
Thanks so much, Monica. Have a great day.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Nice to talk to you.
Yes.
