PAIRWIRE, INC. 
RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") is made as of October 1, 
2025, by and between Pairwire, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Tomás Maria 
Burnay Batalha ("Purchaser"). 

In consideration of the mutual covenants and representations set forth below, the Company 
and Purchaser agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and Sale of the Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the Company agrees to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase from the 
Company, 1,809,955 shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 
"Shares"), at a price of $0.0001 per share (the "Purchase Price Per Share"), for an aggregate 
purchase price equal to the Purchase Price Per Share multiplied by the number of Shares (the 
"Purchase Price"). The number of Shares has been calculated to result in Purchaser holding fifteen 
percent (15.0%) of the Company's Fully Diluted Capitalization immediately following such 
issuance, after giving effect to the Founder Institute warrant shown on the Company's cap table. If 
at the Closing the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares 
of Common Stock to issue the Shares, the Company shall promptly take all corporate actions, 
including obtaining Board and, if required, stockholder approval of an amendment to its Certificate 
of Incorporation, to increase the authorized Common Stock so that the Shares may be validly 
issued. Within thirty (30) days after the Closing, the Company shall confirm its Fully Diluted 
Capitalization as of the Closing. If the share count used to calculate the Shares was inaccurate due 
to outstanding securities or cap table errors existing as of the Closing, the Company shall issue to 
Purchaser (or Purchaser shall surrender to the Company) such number of shares as is necessary so 
that Purchaser holds exactly fifteen percent (15.0%) of the Fully Diluted Capitalization as of the 
Closing, in each case excluding any increase to the equity plan reserve approved in connection 
with or after Purchaser's grant. 

2. Closing. The purchase and sale of the Shares shall occur at a closing (the "Closing") on 
the date of such closing (the "Closing Date") to be held on the date first set forth above, or at any 
other time mutually agreed upon by the Company and Purchaser; provided, that if, as of such date, 
the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common 
Stock to issue the Shares, then the Closing shall occur immediately following, and be conditioned 
upon, the effectiveness of the necessary corporate approvals and any charter amendment increasing 
the authorized shares (or, alternatively, a transfer of outstanding shares from existing holders in an 
amount sufficient to deliver the Shares to Purchaser). The Closing will take place at the principal 
office of the Company or at such other place as shall be designated by the Company. At the 
Closing, Purchaser shall deliver the aggregate Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer, 
ACH, check or any other method of payment permissible under applicable law and approved by 
the Company's Board of Directors (or any combination of such methods of payment), and the 
Company will issue, as promptly thereafter as practicable, a stock certificate, registered in the 
name of Purchaser, reflecting the Shares. 

3. Repurchase Option. 

3.1 In the event Purchaser ceases to be an employee, consultant, officer or director 
of the Company (a "Service Provider") for any or no reason, including, without limitation, 
by reason of Purchaser's death or disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), "Disability"), resignation or involuntary 
termination, the Company shall, from such time (as determined by the Company in its 



discretion), have an irrevocable, exclusive option to repurchase (the "Repurchase Option") 
any Shares which have not yet been released from the Repurchase Option (the "Unreleased 
Shares"), at a price per share equal to the lesser of (x) the fair market value of the shares 
at the time the Repurchase Option is exercised, as determined in good faith by the Board 
and (y) the Purchase Price Per Share (the "Repurchase Price Per Share" and in the 
aggregate, the "Repurchase Price"). The Company may exercise its Repurchase Option as 
to any or all of the Unreleased Shares at any time after Purchaser ceases to be a Service 
Provider; provided, however, that without requirement of further action on the part of either 
party hereto, the Repurchase Option shall be deemed to have been automatically exercised 
as to all Unreleased Shares at 5:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) as of the date that is 60 days 
following the date Purchaser ceases to be a Service Provider, unless the Company declines 
in writing to exercise its Repurchase Option prior to such time. 

3.2 If the Company decides not to exercise its Repurchase Option, it shall notify 
Purchaser in writing within 60 days of the date Purchaser ceases to be a Service Provider. 
If the Repurchase Option is exercised or deemed exercised, the Company shall deliver 
payment to Purchaser by any of the following methods, in the Company's sole discretion: 
(i) delivering to Purchaser or Purchaser's executor a check, cash, wire transfer, ACH and/or 
any other form of money transfer not requiring acceptance of funds in the amount of the 
aggregate Repurchase Price, (ii) canceling an amount of Purchaser's indebtedness to the 
Company equal to the aggregate Repurchase Price, or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii) 
such that the combined payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals the aggregate 
Repurchase Price. 

3.3 In the event that the Repurchase Option is exercised or deemed exercised, the 
sole right and remedy of Purchaser thereafter shall be to receive the Repurchase Price, and 
in no case shall Purchaser have any claim of ownership as to any of the Unreleased Shares. 

3.4 The Company in its sole discretion may assign all or part of the Repurchase 
Option to one or more employees, officers, directors or stockholders of the Company or 
other persons or organizations. 

4. Release of Shares from Repurchase Option; Vesting. 

The vesting schedule applicable to the Shares, including the Initial 90-Day Activation 
Period, time-based vesting, performance-based vesting, and upside award provisions, is set forth 
in the Founder Onboarding and Performance Terms Letter dated as of the date hereof (the 
"Performance Terms Letter"), which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference. All 
capitalized terms used in the Performance Terms Letter shall have the meanings set forth in this 
Agreement unless otherwise defined therein. 

4.1 For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change of Control" means (i) the 
acquisition of the Company by another entity by means of any transaction or series of 
related transactions to which the Company is party (including, without limitation, any stock 
acquisition, reorganization, merger or consolidation but excluding any sale of stock for 
capital raising purposes), other than by means of a transaction or series of transactions in 
which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior 
to such transaction continue to retain (either by such voting securities remaining 
outstanding or by such voting securities being converted into voting securities of the 
surviving entity), as a result of shares in the Company held by such holders prior to such 



transaction, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the voting securities 
of the surviving or acquiring corporation outstanding immediately after such transaction or 
series of transactions; and (ii) a sale or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company, by means of a transaction or series of transactions. 

4.2 Subject to the provisions of Section 4, the Shares which have been released 
from the Company's Repurchase Option shall be delivered to Purchaser at Purchaser's 
request. 

4.3 "Cause" shall mean: (i) Purchaser's material failure to perform his or her 
assigned duties or responsibilities as a Service Provider (other than a failure resulting from 
Purchaser's Disability) after written notice thereof from the Company describing 
Purchaser's failure to perform such duties or responsibilities; (ii) Purchaser engaging in any 
act of dishonesty, fraud or misrepresentation with respect to the Company; (iii) Purchaser's 
violation of any federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company 
or its affiliates; (iv) Purchaser's breach of any confidentiality agreement or invention 
assignment agreement between Purchaser and the Company (or any affiliate of the 
Company) or any other material written policies of the Company; or (v) Purchaser being 
convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, any crime or committing any act of 
moral turpitude causing material harm to the standing and reputation of the Company. 

4.4 "Good Reason" shall mean one or more of the following events: 

(i) without Purchaser's express written consent, the assignment to Purchaser 
of any duties or the reduction of Purchaser's duties, either of which results in a 
significant diminution in Purchaser's position or responsibilities with the Company 
in effect immediately prior to such assignment, or the removal of Purchaser from 
such position and responsibilities except (provided no such reduction shall be 
deemed to have occurred solely by Purchaser's change of position to any other 
executive officer position of the Company, including by reason of the change in the 
Company's status from that of an independent company to that of a subsidiary of a 
buyer of the Company following a Change of Control); 

(ii) without Purchaser's express written consent, a substantial reduction, 
without good business reasons, of the salary, bonus opportunities or material 
perquisites available to Purchaser (other than as part of Company-wide or 
executive-wide reductions); 

(iii) a material reduction by the Company (other than a Company-wide or 
executive-wide reduction) in the kind or level of employee benefits to which 
Purchaser is entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result that 
Purchaser's overall benefits package is significantly reduced; or 

(iv) the relocation of Purchaser to a facility or a location more than 50 miles 
from Purchaser's then present location, without Purchaser's express written consent. 

5. Limitation on Payments. If any payment or benefit received or to be received by 
Purchaser (including any payment or benefit received pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) 
would be (in whole or part) subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, or any 
successor provision thereto, or any similar tax imposed by state or local law, or any interest or 



penalties with respect to such excise tax (such tax or taxes, together with any such interest and 
penalties, are hereafter collectively referred to as the "Excise Tax"), then the payments or benefits 
provided under this Agreement or any other agreement pursuant to which Purchaser receives 
payments that give rise to the Excise Tax will be reduced to the extent necessary to make such 
payments and benefits not subject to such Excise Tax. However, if the imposition of such Excise 
Tax could be avoided by approval of stockholders as described in Code Section 280G(b)(5)(B) 
and the Company in its discretion elects to solicit such approval, then Purchaser must cooperate in 
such process and timely execute any such waivers of compensation as may be necessary to enable 
the stockholder vote to comply with the Code Section 280G requirements as determined by the 
Company. 

Any calculations performed in connection with the prior paragraph will be made by the Company 
or by an accountant or other adviser selected by Company. Purchaser will timely furnish to the 
accountant or Company such information and documents as requested in order to perform the 
requisite calculations and analysis. The Company may rely on such calculations and/or may utilize 
its own judgment in determining whether Excise Taxes would be imposed and the magnitude of 
any such Excise Taxes. 

6. Restrictions on Transfer. 

6.1 Purchaser hereby makes the investment representations listed on Exhibit B to 
the Company as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of the Closing, and agrees 
that such representations are incorporated into this Agreement by this reference, such that 
the Company may rely on them in issuing the Shares. Purchaser understands and agrees 
that the Company shall cause the legends set forth below, or substantially equivalent 
legends, to be placed upon any certificate(s) evidencing ownership of the Shares, together 
with any other legends that may be required by the Company or by applicable state or 
federal securities laws: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 
(THE "ACT") AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR 
HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED 
UNDER THE ACT OR, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL 
SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER OF THESE 
SECURITIES, SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION OTHERWISE 
COMPLIES WITH THE ACT. 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT 
TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, A RIGHT 
OF FIRST REFUSAL, A LOCK-UP PERIOD IN THE 
EVENT OF A PUBLIC OFFERING AND A REPURCHASE 
OPTION HELD BY THE ISSUER OR ITS ASSIGNEE(S) AS 
SET FORTH IN THE RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE ISSUER AND THE 
ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THESE SHARES, A COPY OF 
WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE PRINCIPAL 
OFFICE OF THE ISSUER. SUCH TRANSFER 



RESTRICTIONS, RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL, LOCK-UP 
PERIOD AND REPURCHASE OPTION ARE BINDING ON 
TRANSFEREES OF THESE SHARES. 

6.2 Stop-Transfer Notices. Purchaser agrees that to ensure compliance with the 
restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate "stop transfer" 
instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own 
securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records. 

6.3 Refusal to Transfer. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its 
books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right 
to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall 
have been so transferred. 

6.4 Lock-Up Period. Purchaser hereby agrees that Purchaser shall not sell, offer, 
pledge, contract to sell, grant any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or 
contract to sell, grant any right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or 
encumber, directly or indirectly, any Shares or other securities of the Company, nor shall 
Purchaser enter into any swap, hedging or other arrangement that transfers to another, in 
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Shares or other 
securities of the Company, during the period from the filing of the first registration 
statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), that includes securities to be sold on behalf of the Company to the public 
in an underwritten public offering under the Securities Act through the end of the 180-day 
period following the effective date of such registration statement (or such other period as 
may be requested by the Company or the underwriters to accommodate regulatory 
restrictions on (i) the publication or other distribution of research reports and (ii) analyst 
recommendations and opinions, including, but not limited to, the restrictions contained in 
NASD Rule 2711(f)(4) or NYSE Rule 472(f)(4), or any successor provisions or 
amendments thereto). Purchaser further agrees, if so requested by the Company or any 
representative of its underwriters, to enter into such underwriter's standard form of 
"lockup" or "market standoff" agreement in a form satisfactory to the Company and such 
underwriter. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities 
subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of any such restriction period. 

6.5 Unreleased Shares. No Unreleased Shares subject to the Repurchase Option 
contained in Section 3 of this Agreement, nor any beneficial interest in such Shares, shall 
be sold, gifted, transferred, encumbered or otherwise disposed of in any way (whether by 
operation of law or otherwise) by Purchaser, other than as expressly permitted or required 
by Section 3. 

6.6 Released Shares. No Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement, nor any 
beneficial interest in such Shares, shall be sold, transferred, encumbered or otherwise 
disposed of in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by Purchaser or any 
subsequent transferee, other than in compliance with the Company's right of first refusal 
provisions contained in Section 7 of this Agreement. 

7. Company's Right of First Refusal. Before any Shares acquired by Purchaser pursuant to 
this Agreement (or any beneficial interest in such Shares) may be sold, transferred, encumbered or 



otherwise disposed of in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by Purchaser or any 
subsequent transferee (each a "Holder"), such Holder must first offer such Shares or beneficial 
interest to the Company and/or its assignee(s) as follows: 

7.1 Notice of Proposed Transfer. The Holder shall deliver to the Company a 
written notice stating: (i) the Holder's bona fide intention to sell or otherwise transfer the 
Shares; (ii) the name of each proposed transferee; (iii) the number of Shares to be 
transferred to each proposed transferee; (iv) the bona fide cash price or other consideration 
for which the Holder proposes to transfer the Shares; and (v) that by delivering the notice, 
the Holder offers all such Shares to the Company and/or its assignee(s) pursuant to this 
section and on the same terms described in the notice. 

7.2 Exercise of Right of First Refusal. At any time within 30 days after receipt of 
the Holder's notice, the Company and/or its assignee(s) may, by giving written notice to 
the Holder, elect to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Shares proposed to be 
transferred to any one or more of the proposed transferees, at the purchase price determined 
in accordance with Section 7.3. 

7.3 Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Shares purchased by the Company 
and/or its assignee(s) under this section shall be the price listed in the Holder's notice. If 
the price listed in the Holder's notice includes consideration other than cash, the cash 
equivalent value of the non-cash consideration shall be determined by the Board of 
Directors of the Company in its sole discretion. 

7.4 Payment. Payment of the purchase price shall be made, at the option of the 
Company and/or its assignee(s), in cash (by check), by cancellation of all or a portion of 
any outstanding indebtedness of the Holder to the Company and/or its assignee(s), or by 
any combination thereof within 30 days after receipt by the Company of the Holder's notice 
(or at such later date as is called for by such notice). 

7.5 Holder's Right to Transfer. If all of the Shares proposed in the notice to be 
transferred to a given proposed transferee are not purchased by the Company and/or its 
assignee(s) as provided in this section, then the Holder may sell or otherwise transfer such 
Shares to that proposed transferee; provided that: (i) the transfer is made only on the terms 
provided for in the notice, with the exception of the purchase price, which may be either 
the price listed in the notice or any higher price; (ii) such transfer is consummated within 
60 days after the date the notice is delivered to the Company; (iii) the transfer is effected 
in accordance with any applicable securities laws, and if requested by the Company, the 
Holder shall have delivered an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company to that effect; 
and (iv) the proposed transferee agrees in writing to receive and hold the Shares so 
transferred subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement, including but not limited to 
this section, and there shall be no further transfer of such Shares except in accordance with 
the terms of this section. If any Shares described in a notice are not transferred to the 
proposed transferee within the period provided above, then before any such Shares may be 
transferred, a new notice shall be given to the Company, and the Company and/or its 
assignees shall again be offered the right of first refusal described in this section. 

7.6 Involuntary Transfers. Subject to the other provisions of this Section 7, in the 
event, at any time after the date of this Agreement, of any transfer by operation of law or 



other involuntary transfer (including, but not limited to, transfers by operation of law or 
other involuntary transfers in connection with a divorce, dissolution, legal separation or 
annulment) of all or a portion of the Shares by the record holder thereof that does not occur 
in accordance with the other provisions of this Section 7, the Company shall have the right 
to purchase all of the Shares transferred at the greater of the purchase price paid by 
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or the fair market value of the Shares on the date of 
transfer (as determined by the board of directors of the Company). Upon such a transfer, 
the persons transferring or acquiring the Shares shall promptly notify the Secretary of the 
Company in writing of such transfer. The right to purchase such Shares shall be provided 
to the Company for a period of 30 days following receipt by the Company of written notice 
of the transfer. 

7.7 Exception for Certain Family Transfers. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained elsewhere in this section, the transfer of any or all of the Shares during 
the Holder's lifetime (except in connection with a divorce, dissolution, legal separation or 
annulment) or on the Holder's death by will or intestacy to (i) the Holder's spouse or 
domestic partner; (ii) the Holder's lineal descendants or antecedents, siblings, aunts, uncles, 
cousins, nieces and nephews (including adoptive relationships and step relationships), and 
their spouses or domestic partners; (iii) the lineal descendants or antecedents, siblings, 
cousins, aunts, uncles, nieces and nephews of Holder's spouse or domestic partner 
(including adoptive relationships and step relationships), and their spouses or domestic 
partners; and (iv) a trust or other similar estate planning vehicle for the benefit of the Holder 
or any such person, shall be exempt from the provisions of this section; provided that, in 
each such case, the transferee agrees in writing to receive and hold the Shares so transferred 
subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement, including but not limited to this section, 
and there shall be no further transfer of such Shares except in accordance with the terms of 
this section; and provided further, that without the prior written consent of the Company, 
which may be withheld in the sole discretion of the Company, no more than three transfers 
may be made pursuant to this section, including all transfers by the Holder and all transfers 
by any transferee. For purposes of this Agreement, a person will be deemed to be a 
"domestic partner" of another person if the two persons (1) reside in the same residence 
and plan to do so indefinitely, (2) have resided together for at least one year, (3) are each 
at least 18 years of age and mentally competent to consent to contract, (4) are not blood 
relatives any closer than would prohibit legal marriage in the state in which they reside, (5) 
are financially interdependent, as demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the 
Company and (6) have each been the sole spouse equivalent of the other for the year prior 
to the transfer and plan to remain so indefinitely; provided that a person will not be 
considered a domestic partner if he or she is married to another person or has any other 
spouse equivalent. 

7.8 Termination of Right of First Refusal. The right of first refusal contained in 
this section shall terminate as to all Shares purchased hereunder upon the earlier of: (i) the 
closing date of the first sale of Common Stock of the Company to the general public 
pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, and (ii) the closing date of a Change of 
Control pursuant to which the holders of the outstanding voting securities of the Company 



receive securities of a class registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended. 

8. Escrow. Upon issuance, the certificate(s) for Unreleased Shares shall be deposited in 
escrow with the Company together with a stock assignment duly endorsed (with date and number 
of shares blank) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C to be held in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement. Any new, substituted or additional securities or cash or other 
consideration to which the Purchaser is entitled by reason of the Purchaser's ownership of the 
Shares shall immediately be delivered to the Company to be held in escrow. All ordinary cash 
dividends on Unreleased Shares (or on other securities held in escrow) shall be paid directly to the 
Purchaser and shall not be held in escrow. Unreleased Shares, together with any other assets held 
in escrow under this Agreement, shall be (i) surrendered to the Company for repurchase upon 
exercise of the Right of Repurchase or the Right of First Refusal or (ii) released to the Purchaser 
upon his or her request to the extent that the Shares have ceased to be Unreleased Shares (but not 
more frequently than once every six months). In any event, all Purchased Shares that have ceased 
to be Unreleased Shares, together with any other vested assets held in escrow under this 
Agreement, shall be released within 90 days after the earlier of (i) the termination of the Purchaser's 
Service or (ii) the lapse of the Right of Repurchase. 

9. Tax Consequences. Purchaser has reviewed with Purchaser's own tax advisors the 
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser is relying solely on such advisors and not on any 
statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Purchaser understands that 
Purchaser (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result 
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Purchaser understands that Section 83 of the 
Code, taxes as ordinary income the difference between the purchase price for the Shares and the 
fair market value of the Shares as of the date any restrictions on the Shares lapse. In this context, 
"restriction" includes the right of the Company to buy back the Shares pursuant to the Repurchase 
Option. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may elect to be taxed at the time the Shares are 
purchased rather than when and as the Repurchase Option expires by filing an election under 
Section 83(b) of the Code with the IRS within 30 days from the date of purchase. THE FORM 
FOR MAKING THIS SECTION 83(B) ELECTION IS ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT 
AS EXHIBIT D AND PURCHASER (AND NOT THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS) 
SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR APPROPRIATELY FILING SUCH FORM, EVEN 
IF PURCHASER REQUESTS THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENTS TO MAKE THIS FILING 
ON PURCHASER'S BEHALF. 

10. Intellectual Property. 

10.1 Additional Intellectual Property. Purchaser shall deliver an executed copy 
of the Technology Assignment Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A at the time of 
Purchaser's execution hereof, and represents and warrants that except for intellectual 
property rights assigned pursuant to such agreement, Purchaser possesses no intellectual 
property and has made no inventions related to the Company's business, as currently 
conducted or as proposed to be conducted. Purchaser further agrees that to the extent it is 
discovered that Purchaser has made inventions, patented or unpatented, or otherwise 
possesses intellectual property rights related to the Company's business that were not 
properly assigned to the Company pursuant to such agreement (the "Additional 



Intellectual Property"), the Additional Intellectual Property is hereby assigned to the 
Company. 

10.2 Obligation to Assist. Purchaser agrees to assist the Company in every proper 
way to obtain, and from time to time enforce, United States and foreign proprietary rights 
relating to the Additional Intellectual Property in any and all countries. Purchaser agrees 
to execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including 
appearances as a witness) as the Company may reasonably request for use in applying for, 
obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing such Additional Intellectual 
Property and the assignment of such Additional Intellectual Property. 

10.3 Agent and Attorney in Fact. In the event the Company is unable for any 
reason, after reasonable effort, to secure Purchaser's signature on any document needed in 
connection with the actions specified in the preceding paragraph, Purchaser irrevocably 
designates and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as my 
agent and attorney in fact, which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on 
behalf of Purchaser to execute, verify and file any such documents and to do all other 
lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the preceding paragraph with the same 
legal force and effect as if executed by Purchaser. 

11. General Provisions. 

11.1 Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, as such laws are applied to contracts 
entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. 

11.2 Integration. This Agreement, including all exhibits hereto and the 
Performance Terms Letter, represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect 
to the purchase of the Shares by Purchaser and supersedes and replaces any and all prior 
written or oral agreements regarding the subject matter of this Agreement including, but 
not limited to, any representations made during any interviews, relocation discussions or 
negotiations whether written or oral. 

(i) Any notice, demand, offer, request or other communication required or 
permitted to be given by either the Company or Purchaser pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given the earlier 
of (1) when received, (2) when delivered personally, (3) if to Purchaser, when 
delivered by electronic mail to the electronic mail address set forth below 
Purchaser's signature or to such other electronic mail address as shall be designated 
by Purchaser in a written notice sent to Pairwire, Inc., 72 Barrow St, Apt. 3M New 
York, NY 10014, c/o Maria Leao, Attention: Secretary, and if to the Company, to 
info@pairwire.co, (4) one business day after being deposited with an overnight 
courier service or (5) four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, First Class 
with postage prepaid and return receipt requested, and addressed to the parties at 
the addresses provided to the Company (which the Company agrees to disclose to 
the other parties upon request) or such other address as a party may request by 
notifying the other in writing. 



11.4 Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and 
whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially 
all of the Company's business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this 
Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such 
obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term 
"Company" shall include any successor to the Company's business and/or assets which 
executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this section or which becomes 
bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law. Subject to the restrictions on 
transfer set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon Purchaser and 
his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

11.5 Waiver. Either party's failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall 
not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision, nor prevent that party from 
thereafter enforcing any other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted both parties 
hereunder are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party's right to assert 
any other legal remedy available to it. 

11.6 Additional Representations and Further Documents. Purchaser agrees 
upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or reasonably 
desirable in the view of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of this Agreement, 
including (but not limited to) the applicable exhibits and attachments to this Agreement. 

11.7 Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be found to be illegal 
or unenforceable, the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain 
enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law. 

11.8 Rights as Stockholder. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Purchaser shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to the 
Shares from and after the date that Purchaser delivers a fully executed copy of this 
Agreement (including the applicable exhibits and attachments to this Agreement) and full 
payment for the Shares to the Company, and until such time as Purchaser disposes of the 
Shares in accordance with this Agreement. Upon such transfer, Purchaser shall have no 
further rights as a holder of the Shares so purchased except (in the case of a transfer to the 
Company) the right to receive payment for the Shares so purchased in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement, and Purchaser shall forthwith cause the certificate(s) 
evidencing the Shares so purchased to be surrendered to the Company for transfer or 
cancellation. 

11.9 Adjustment for Stock Split. All references to the number of Shares and the 
purchase price of the Shares in this Agreement shall be adjusted to reflect any stock split, 
stock dividend or other change in the Shares which may be made after the date of this 
Agreement. 

11.10 Employment at Will. PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES 
THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS EARNED 
ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT WILL (AND 
NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED OR PURCHASING SHARES 
HEREUNDER). PURCHASER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 



THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND 
THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE 
PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, OR FOR ANY PERIOD AT ALL, AND 
SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH PURCHASER'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S 
RIGHT TO TERMINATE PURCHASER'S RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY 
AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE OR NOTICE. 

11.11 Reliance on Counsel and Advisors. Purchaser acknowledges that Nelson 
Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP, is representing only the Company in this transaction. 
Purchaser acknowledges that he or she has had the opportunity to review this Agreement, 
including all attachments hereto, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with 
his or her own legal counsel, tax advisors and other advisors. Purchaser is relying solely 
on his or her own counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the 
Company or its agents for legal or other advice with respect to this investment or the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

11.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will 
constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile copies of signed signature pages shall be 
binding originals. 

11.13 Fully Diluted Capitalization. "Fully Diluted Capitalization" means, as of 
the time of determination, (i) all shares of Company capital stock issued and outstanding, 
plus (ii) all shares of Company capital stock issuable upon exercise or conversion of all 
outstanding options, warrants and other convertible securities (whether or not then 
exercisable), including the Founder Institute warrant shown on the Company's cap table, 
plus (iii) all shares reserved and available for future grant under equity incentive plans, but 
excluding any increase to such plan reserve approved in connection with Purchaser's grant. 

[Signature page follows] 
The parties represent that they have read this Agreement in its entirety, have had an opportunity to 
obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement and fully understand this 
Agreement. Purchaser agrees to notify the Company of any change in his or her address below. 
PURCHASER: 
Signature: _______________________ 
Tomás Maria Burnay Batalha 
Address: Alameda Alto da Barra, nº 7 
Email: tomas.b.batalha@gmail.com 
PAIRWIRE, INC. 
By: _____________________________ 
Martim Villas-Boas 
Chief Executive Officer 
EXHIBIT A - Technology Assignment Agreement 

EXHIBIT B - Investment Representation Statement 

EXHIBIT C - Stock Power and Assignment 



EXHIBIT D - Section 83(b) Election Form 

[Exhibits A-D remain identical to original template - not repeated here for brevity]